Selection outline reverted. Available via modeler only. (#2321)
bpmn-io/bpmn-js: CHANGELOG.md

* Require `Node >= 20`
* `Canvas` is now a focusable element and provides better support for native browser behaviors. Focus can be controlled with new `focus` and `restoreFocus` APIs ([bpmn-io/diagram-js#662](https://github.com/bpmn-io/diagram-js/pull/662)).
* Keyboard is now implicitly bound to canvas SVG element. Calls to `keyboard.bind` and `keyboard.bindTo` now result with a descriptive console error and have no effect ([bpmn-io/diagram-js#662](https://github.com/bpmn-io/diagram-js/pull/662)).

> * Selection outline only available via modeler, not viewer. ([#2253](https://github.com/bpmn-io/bpmn-js/pull/2253))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Selection outline is no longer included in the viewer. If needed, add add it as an additional module imported from `diagram-js/lib/features/outline` ([#2253](https://github.com/bpmn-io/bpmn-js/pull/2253)).
```

Author: Done ✅
